SOLD OUT ON YOU
Want perfection? Me too. So keep
out of my way.
Want perfection? Me too, so keep
WARM HAPPINESS IN MINUTES!
MATNA FOUR-MINUTE CURRY
-Ah.
-So yummy!
Dinner's taken care of!
EUNSUNG SUPER VACUUM
-You're a lifesaver, Eunsung!
Mom.
Ye-jin! Ye-jin, are you ok? Are you hurt?
Dad, this is my mom, right? Right?
She's my mom, right?
Mom.
It's me. Dam Seok-gyeong. Ye-jin's
struggling. Please, just meet her once.
Ye-jin.
It's me, mom. Darling, come here.
Mom!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, baby. I am so
sorry.
-Do you like it? Is it tasty?
-It's so tasty!
Mom. Next time, can we play outside?
I want to go with you to an amusement
park too.
Uh… Mom's a busy bee, so…
Then…
when will I see you again, mom?
Ye-jin, take this. It's my phone number,
yeah? Whenever, you miss me, call this
number.
Really?
In return, can you please promise
one thing to me? You must wait until
I come to see you, Ye-jin. Wait, please.
Don't come and look for me. Ever.
Well, it's because…
It's our little secret.
Can I call you each day? Oh. You're busy.
I forgot.
Well then, how about this? At eight pm
on Sundays, you call me to chat.
I'll make sure to pick up no matter what.
Hello, Ye-jin.
I won, mom! I'm president. Almost
everybody voted for me.
Wow! Congratulations!
A LOVE LIKE MOSS
EUN-SU'S LAW
SHE IS AMAZING
SHEER PERFECTION
TOTALLY MY KIND OF ACTRESS
CAN'T WAIT FOR HER NEXT WORK
MOM
Mom, do you make everyone pay?
Oh come on, can you please tell me?
Nope, watch when it airs, okay?
Ms. Song.
Someone needs me. Let's talk longer next
week.
Okay, love you, Mom.
The number you have dialed is not
available.
No way. Song Myeong-hwa was in an
accident.
Really? What happened?
SONG MYEONG-HWA IN CRITICAL
CONDITION AFTER CAR COLLISION
We need to address the misinformation
right away.
Song Myeong-hwa. Song Myeong-hwa. How did
you get injured?
Song Myeong-hwa. Song Myeong-hwa,
when are you planning to come back
on air?
Was the accident premeditated, Song
Myeong-Hwa?
Do you know her?
-I mean…
-Are we allowing just anybody in here?
-Sorry, but she needs to rest right now.
-No, no, no. Please answer our question!
Get out, you're just bothering her,
-miss. Come this way. Let's get this
-Get her picture.
Random girl out of here. She's
bothering Ms. Song.
Mom, I'm sorry. Will you please pick up,
just once.
Mom, please just pick up, just once.
Come on, please…
The number you have dialed is temporarily
unavailable…
Just this once.
Mom,
you took forever to answer.
Are you listening?
You've got the wrong number.
You there?
Hello?
Mom?
-Mom?
-If you call me one more time,
I'll take this to the cops, alright?
Don't make me warn you again.
-Hello.
-I miss you.
I miss you so much.
Mom.
-Stop pushing me, Bun Hong! You've got
-Scoot over, I can't see anything.
-Plenty of space. Put that away, look
-You're in my way Nan Sun, move to
-here-- Oh hello!
-the right,
Why, look who's here, our regulars.
Bright and early.
Hello there! Jin-yi, I need a new butt.
I also need a new butt please.
Butts?
-Alright, then. A tall one just for you,
-Wow. A tall butt.
-My dear. And for Nan Sun, a little one.
-Thank you, dear.
Now don't go and swap your cushions
because you're besties, yeah? Use butts
that match your height, so your knees
stay healthy.
I think I'll buy a butt too. So Jin-yi
can pamper my poor knees as well.
Why would you buy one, though?
Give me one.
No, save your money.
-Aw, Jin-Yi.
-Now, Jin-yi is a true woman of business.
She watches out for her people.
Like our very own Robin Hood.
Let's go now. See you, Jin-yi!
-Okay, see you.
-We should go.
Come on, let's get some coffee. The cafe
should be open.
Be safe! Enjoy your day!
Oh, Na Som-yi,
wait, wait, wait, wait. Let's see.
Okay. Okay. Breathe in. All set.
Here you go.
Ugh, what is it?
It's a special mask woven with a
rare Punggi Viscose Rayon for you,
Som-yi. It's light and doesn't make you
sweat. Soft and smooth. Cool, yeah?
Forget it. I'll just use the one I have.
Four, three, two.
Oh, come on!
How is it?
-Meh. I don't know.
-Hm.
Na Som-yi.
Huh?
Wow! No way! I've really had my eye
on this! Okay, which angel did this?
Hae-sook, who else? Hey! Did you beg him
again?
Nuh-uh. I'm gonna come back later and
open it, so hold on to it for me.
Keep going.
-Hello.
-Keep going, sweetie.
Ugh, my eyes are so puffy? How much
soup did I have yesterday?
Heading out?
Huh? Yes. Are you also on your way
out, ma'am?
Yes, I'm going to the market.
In that case, can I go with you? I'm also
hopping on the bus.
Alright. I'll take you, come along.
Do you still drive a car?
Heavens, really? I have a stellar
chauffeur, he always drives me.
It's great.
What? Oh, oh, that's it! That's the one!
I'm telling you, this bird, was
soaring above in the sky only yesterday!
You acted like I'm some petty thief and
called the cops on me. Are you sure that
that's really a… that that is truly a
chicken? I mean, she doesn't look a bit
off to you?
Do you have nothing to say to me?
Here you go.
Not money for repairs. I meant that you
owe me an…
Are we done here?
I hope we never see each other again.
Look here!
What? What? What?
Can we please talk?
Come on or we'll miss the bus! Move it,
let's go!
Ugh…
So you can't move any of this stuff out?
I can't. I'm only offering a spot to you,
ma'am.
Come on, she'll just hop on my
lap and ride that way.
You had knee surgery this past year.
I can't allow that.
Get in, it's ok. I'll just walk over.
Why can't she just join us?
We're going to be late.
Good grief. I'll handle it. Let's go.
What…
Sit. Sit. What a lovely pair! You look
wonderful together! Oh, do you
got a fella?
-What?
-Ma'am!
Oh my dear, my poor knees are aching.
So I need to sit.
Put your feet up there.
Sure.
No! Bees! There are bees! There, look,
bees! Are they still there? Are they
still there?
No ma'am.
What the hell was their deal?
I know, right?
I'm sorry. For the misunderstanding
yesterday. I went too far.
I mean, I understand why it happened.
Let's just drop it. Oh, the money in
the envelope. I placed it in your
trunk, don't forget to take it.
I won't. I don't want it.
I don't want it either, ok?
You said it's expensive.
Oh, please. I'm Dam Ye-jin, you know?
Dam Ye-jin?
Hurry up and get in.
Just pay when you get off the bus Jesus,
granny!
Oh no, it's not that, dear.
Oh my God!
You must be hungry. You probably
didn't even eat breakfast. You work
so hard. Come on, please take it.
Sang-geum dear, why did you give
him that?
WE SPENT OUR TWENTIES TOGETHER…
Whoa.
Huh? Ae-ra!
You know, we met when we were eight.
And now… We're forty and fine.
Forty-fine. Forty, fresh, and fine.
Hey, Ae-ra. My next video for NeoTube is
titled "Meet the local celebrities
from my neighborhood." I can't
post without Moon Ae-ra making an
appearance though, obviously. Our class
president, top student, and
ultimate playground boss, am I right?
Are you that bored?
Walk to the macaroon spot with me
and I'll film you looking amazing.
Come on, you'll love it, trust me.
In or out?
Let's see. Remind me again, how many
subscribers do you have?
Sev… en.
How about when I hit ten followers?
-Are you crazy? Go away.
-A dozen?
Come on, twenty.
The product that I, Park Kwang-Mo,
captain and ultimate lover of Deokpung,
will be reporting on is… a plastic bottle
windmill that makes moles say bye-bye!
It's a cost-saving tool, a miraculously
powerful repellent.
The breeze moves the bottles! The plastic
bottles spin around, you see.
The vibration travels underground
Moles sense them. They flee and think,
oh my, oh no, it must be an earthquake
happening. It's so simple to
install, and dirt cheap. I'm floored.
And speak of the devil, our true hero
of the village has joined the segment.
It's Mechoori!
Here he comes! He's moving this way!
He should stop any second now. For all
the love and support you've shown to Park
Kwang… Hey! hey! Hey, Mechoori!
Sheeh, what were you thinking, dozing off
while driving in the paddies?
I'm sleeping a lot less lately.
Why's that though? Mosquitoes
bothering you?
No, I'm bothered by persistent species.
Huh? What's that?
Mom. Mom. Mom.
Mom.
Just go home and rest up today. I'll look
over it all. I can handle all that.
Okay, thank you so much, Kwang-mo.
Ah, the weather is so nice.
What's going on here?
-Huh?
-Mechoori. What's that?
Hey guys, don't forget to carry this over
there.
Move that over there. Please hurry
up as much as you can.
Oh, okay.
Hyung, come out.
Hae Seok.
Explain, please.
What do you mean? It's obvious, we're
preparing to begin construction.
It's for your lab, of course.
That's messed up, you could've told me
about it.
I would have but you changed your number
so I couldn't tell you beforehand. Yeah.
I was trying to do it while you were away
at the farm.
I told you before it's a no.
Are you gonna be here just farming alone
forever? Is that really the life you
-wanted?
-Yeah.
Yeah right. You're only truly happy
in a lab and experimenting.
-We did it! We did it!
-No way! We did it!
We did it!
We did it! We did it. Finally. Finally!
I heard Chang-ho's been really
successful in Bangkok. He says he's
actually more cut out for business than
a lab. But what about you? Will you
stay shut off like this forever?
I'm happy with things as they are.
I told you that.
Just wait for it. Our lab's gonna produce
a mega hit product that will transform
the entire country.
Hey, hey!
Why are you doing that?
Hey!
-You need to move that over there, man.
-Sir, hold on, look over here! Can you
-please stop?
-What?
Hold it for a moment. Why don't
you take a break?
-Huh?
-And come back later? Okay, thanks.
-Ok.
-Stop working for now.
I can't believe you're doing this to me.
Do you even know how many calls I
received from L'Etoile today alone? Huh?
They keep calling.
This is driving me crazy too you know.
Meet them again and make it clear.
We're not gonna renew.
Go ahead. I bet they'll give up in a
split second, just talk to them.
Go ahead.
What? Hey.
Speaking.
-Huh? Why are you still here? Oh, go
-I was just about to leave. Ok.
Ahead.
Hey man, seriously?
You… still don't really know who I am,
huh?
Kang Mo-won, sir. Kang Mu-won!
I can't allow you to look so
unprofessional.
All done.
Sir, how come you've never before shown
me… such a perfect suit?
Actually, you two are wearing… the same
exact suit.
What?
Bravo!
Wow, get out of here.
Stop, boss. It's blinding my eyes.
Yeah, it's too much, let's not.
I told you I don't need it.
Ugh, just go in this, okay?
Hey.
Why can't I just grab a taxi?
Pay attention. In business, all things
like this are a power play. No matter
how well you fight, you can't win a
battle with bare hands…
At this rate, I'm going to be late.
Take that off, wear this.
Hyung.
Alright, then will you please just go in
the car?
It's nice to meet you. I'm co-CEO
of Gojeuneok Bio. Lee Hae-seok, sir.
It's a true pleasure. I'm L'Etoile's CEO,
Eric Seo.
I admit that the amount of raw material
from the previous order was unreasonable
on our end. Our updated terms in the
contract indicate a gradual increase of
the raw materials. We've also
included clauses stipulating that
we will cover all of you company's fees
for hiring more employees and expanding
its facilities.
I think you may not totally
understand why we rejected renewing the
contract.
For us independence is essential.
We want to operate fully in-house, sir.
I refuse to team up with any company that
goes against that principle.
Well, I believe you'll have that after
improving your facilities and manpower.
But that alone can't promise the
quality of the raw materials.
Isn't your ultimate wish to have a
better product for much more people, Mr.
Lee?
What if my wish is a mistake?
It can still bring hope.
Hope can help… at least in theory, but
alone, it's careless. It doesn't accept
responsibility. If you have that kind of
blind optimism, that's another
reason not to collaborate.
How about this, let's say we only
request the same amount as the old
contract?
I hear you're preparing to launch your
products at HIT.
We're selling a limited supply to their
company.
But they'll demand more. They'll put
pressure for more and fast.
There's no future with someone who
backtracks on agr---
agreements.
I think you understand me clearly now.
So I'll be heading out.
Are you sure? We're not just any brand.
Maybe I should've kept out that last
part.
You said you had something very urgent?
I do have something indeed. Turns out
that Gojeuneok Bio has a co-CEO. Kang
Mu-won. And also, Lee Hae-seok.
Lee Hae-seok?
It's Mr. Lee that has final authority
with contract renewal. He's firm on not
renewing.
You met with Hae-seok? Tell me
where he is.
He's not someone that you can really meet
that easily.
Not him too, really? The farm owner is
just like that. I came back empty-handed
from there too many times.
Gojeuneok Bio seems to be run by people
with similar minds and sensibilities.
Ok. Let's start Plan B, Mr. Seo.
If they're coming in a pair,
we should too. I'll work on convincing
the CEO Mr. Lee from now on.
Sound good?
Really? Do you really not recognize me?
Do you really not remember me?
I do.
Did you just say you remember me?
Then why pretend otherwise?
I felt sorry. I felt so bad that I
couldn't… see you on that day.
You mean… you never came that day because
you weren't able to? Did something
happen?
It was so long ago, you see?
Ah, well. We could talk until
you remember that day, don't you think?
Mr. Seo.
Alright, let's go with your Plan B then.
Can't we just find a new raw materials
supplier elsewhere?
Uh, I actually spoke to headquarters
about that. They took the white
flower noori mushrooms and tried to
cultivate them in France. But they
failed. And even if they
succeeded, they're prohibited from
selling the mushroom because
Gojeuneok holds an exclusive patent.
So in conclusion, we have no other option
but Gojeuneok. What about the farm
owner? Huh?
Mission impossible. I failed to even
meet him. One of the workers at the farm
said the owner's an antagonizing person.
He seems to be extremely closed off to
outsiders.
These two people. Don't they seem almost
identical? Oh! What if they are the same?
-Whoa.
-Wow, Mr. Huang
You know?
Whoa, we're in the company of a genius.
Is he the best we can do?
-I don't think so.
-That's too bad.
Just fire him.
Can we really rule out the possibility
though?
Come on. How could one person look after
the farm and also run the company?
Does he have super powers to be
everywhere at once? We're living
in a world where being good at just
one thing is hard enough! I'm
struggling so much right now.
ANYOUNG PUNGMI RICE
Yeah. Anyway, let me know if you have an
opening. Thanks. There's no such thing
as a break when you're strapped for
money man.
Okay, got it.
Use this for milk money.
-You're home already.
-Yeah. Hey.
Why aren't you coming in?
It's nothing. It's nothing.
Get inside. Hey, did you order rice?
No, I didn't.
Oh, Se-jung, did you have fun playing
today?
DEOKPUNG VILLAGE
WHERE WIND STOPS TO TAKE A BREAK
Sorry for everything.
Because I struggled to make ends meet
recently.
I forgot how to treat people
with decency.
I thought I was alone in this world,
so I did a lot of embarrassing things.
From now on, I'll leave right on time.
And I won't speed either. Should you
need to use the bathroom before we leave,
feel free to tell me and I'll be sure
to wait.
-Goodness, thank you.
-I'm so happy to hear this, thank you
young man!
What a lovely man.
Thank you. We appreciate you, young man.
Thank you, sir.
Please, think of it as saving a
person's life here. Just this once.
I'm asking you just this once.
-Oh, I told you, I'm just extremely…
-Oh please.
Super busy right now, miss.
We just get so many people watching when
you're on the segment, Ms. Dam!
Hi there, HIT members. This is your
home shopping host, Dam Ye-jin. Welcome!
Today, I'll be here working as a
HIT CALL SERVICE CENTER
call center agent so I can help and
hear about the inconveniences
our customers are experiencing
currently. I'll be here answering
directly to you all. Let's get to it.
Hello,ma'am. You're speaking with…
Um, about the shampoo that's on
right now… I'll buy half of the
number one package at half price.
Ahh. Sorry ma'am, but I'm not able to
change the components of your package
or the price.
Huh! Why would I buy a shampoo
that I won't use? Aren't you encouraging
overconsumption then?
Good afternoon, ma'am. How may I
help you?
Hello, I'd like to return the galbitang.
Okay, may I ask if there is
something wrong with this product?
I sampled it, but I didn't
really like it.
So you sampled the galbitang and you
didn't find the flavor to be as nice for…
No,
I ate all of them. But they didn't taste
so good. And those bones were
too big too. You know, my dear, they were
so heavy.
But if you ate them, I'm not sure how
you plan to…
I ate them, okay! I ate them and I
didn't leave any!
Hello, this is…
-Take responsibility.
-What?
How can I help you today, sir?
Look, my family's in shambles
just because of these damn golf shoes!
I see you ordered a pair of the
women's golf shoes in a seven and a half.
I mean, what kind of golf shoes are
delivered early at dawn? The wife saw
everything! I mean, seriously! Are you
kidding? And now I'm going to divorce
court at this old age. I'll have to pay
alimony and all that, so HIT should take
responsibility and compensate me for…
Sorry?
What the?
People really are the worst.
Excuse me, Ms. Dam.
Please, could you maybe… just take one
call without any issues?
Yes, please.
Okay. I'm sorry.
I'll do it, just watch me kill it.
I'm Dam Yes-yes from now on.
-Yes, yes.
Yes, yes. Yes, yes. Yes, yes. We've got
a caller right now. Let's jump right in.
Hello, sir. This is Dam Ye-jin, your
customer service representative.
HIT, yes?
Yes, that's right.
How could you sell this piece of junk?
Ah… Sorry, is there some sort of issue
with the product?
Doesn't HIT have quality control?
How could you ship a product that's
so bogus it doesn't work? How could
you get something this wrong?
You're using that as a drying rack?
Oh it's fine, it's not like it's
heating up much at all, anyway.
Why, is it broken?
It was so expensive after all. Good lord.
I don't know what it is but it's an
expensive piece of furniture.
Oh. You bought the product because you
trusted Dam Ye-jin. But there
was something wrong with it.
I never trusted Dam Ye-jin. But still.
I'm very disappointed.
I see. Could you please hold for a
second.
Uh… excuse me, hello? Sir, could
you please tell me your name so I can
find your purchase information?
It's Lee Hae-seok. It's Lee Hae-seok.
Turns out that Gojeuneok Bio has a
co-CEO. Kang Mu-won and
Lee Hae-seok.
These two people. Don't they seem almost
identical? What if they're the same?
Not him too, really? The farm owner is
just like that. I came back empty-handed
from there too many times Is Lee
Redacted-Seok here? Lee Redacted-seok!
I don't know your full name. It was
blocked out to protect your privacy.
-What's your name?
-Matthew.
Turns out that Gojeuneok Bio has a
co-CEO.
The farm owner… I've got a delivery for…
It's Lee Hae-seok.
RAW MATERIALS
FARM OWNER
It's Lee Hae-seok. It's Lee Hae-seok.
Sir, could you please hold for just a
minute? Tell him that the person in
charge plans to come there and
support him in person.
I really, really appreciate it. Thank you
so much ladies! Yes!
Let's do it.
So do whatever you need to do to get
around, okay?
Oh, no.
I'm usually chased after by men in
sports cars,
but being chased in a tractor is
something else. So points for that.
So Mechoori is a nickname for…
for Matthew Lee! What an odd choice.
Ugh, for God's sake.
Ye-jin, you're crazy. What were
you thinking? You must be out of
your mind. Alright. I'm gonna fix it.
Can I? Of course. I'm not sure I can.
I can. I will. I'll do it. I must.
I got this. Where do I begin? I've got
to start the car.
Hello, there. We cross paths yet again.
Did you forget our written agreement?
I came because you called me, mister.
Give me the contact of the person in
charge.
HIT HOST
DAM YE-JIN
I hope you're kidding.
What? Why? I sold it, so… I am the
person in charge.
Now, where's that half-bath device, sir?
Alright. Fine. Come look at it, Ms. in
charge.
Sure, absolutely. Here comes the person
in charge!
Based on my inspection it's not
broken at all. You simply failed to
operate it properly. Sir.
-This package comes with a preheating
-That's not right.
Blanket as well. Use the blanket
Four-six-zero-six-two-seven.
-To cover it… press the power button…
-No, it's not.
And preheat for twenty minutes. Let
me show you.
Take a look at this. It's a blanket.
I said to cover the lid with it,
before you pre-heat it. It seems you
were not paying attention when I
explained that.
What's the point of even arguing
about it?
What do you mean, argue? Come on, do you
think I included this blanket to
cook soup with or something?
Are you acting this way because
you realize the machine was perfectly
fine and now you're embarrassed.
That's it, oh wow.
She said it barely even heats up!
Let's settle this once and for all.
I'll show you it heats up properly!
Let's open that too. So you can't
call and complain saying that's
broken either.
Well, then, why don't you open it?
Can't you feel the heat? And it's
only just preheating.
It's barely even making me hot.
You sure about that?
Stop, hold on. Why are you doing that?
What?
Right there. You're pressing an
acupuncture points. That's what's gonna
make you sweat so much.
Do you really think I sweat by just
massaging my temples? I'd open my own
sauna. You're just embarrassed because I
told you about the blanket but
you didn't listen.
Oh! There! Sweat! There! I knew it!
You're sweating! There, there there.
It's running down your cheek.
Huh, I wonder, maybe it's the roof?
No, the roof looks solid I think.
Mr. Mechoori. Hey eyes on me! Not up
there. Mr. Mechoori. Look at my face.
You see, your sweat is pooling
right here.
This place heats up fast.
Uh-huh. Put up your arms.
-Huh?
-Put your arms up.
Wh-why?
-Okay.
-Huh?
Mr. Mechoori, I'll take a quick look
at your arms.
-Wh-why?
-Up, up, up. I just need to see something.
Whoa! Why? What do you mean?
Just do this! Put your arms up! Just for
a sec. Just do it.
See what? What? Get away!
-Lift your arms. Sit back down!
-Hey!
No! Ms. Dam Ye-jin!
-Ms. Dam Ye-jin! Stop!
-Yes, what is it?
Alright, ok. I'll withdraw my complaint!
No, it's too late. Not until I see
those pit stains.
Ms. Dam Ye-jin!
You must be really embarrassed.
Since you're serving me tea.
How about you just go home, then?
Your work here is done.
Are you seriously going to keep
denying it, Mechoori? Do you really
think… I'd come all the way here
for only a defective product? HIT's got
great customer service you know.
It was you who overreacted and panicked.
I just made a call to customer service.
Exactly. And you really don't understand
why I overreacted?
Allow me to introduce myself. Hello,
Mr. Lee.
You'll see me again soon, Mr. Lee.
Changsik. Good boy, aw.
You're ignoring me too, huh?
Paw. Hey, I'm really upset today. Paw.
Just once.
Come on, just one time, Changsik. Paw.
Oh, come on now. One paw.
Hey!
Huh? Hi there.
Give this to him.
They say whether it's an animal or a man,
they've got to eat, before they
can work. You should give him a
sweet snack to nibble on first if you
want him to listen.
True. I should bring him a snack.
Eat this, come on, boy.
I wonder… what does he like?
I almost forgot. The half bath you got.
You know I got a call from Mechoori.
He said it's in top condition.
What should we do? You came all the
way from Seoul?
Oh! That was just one of many reasons.
Like those potatoes you made me.
Let's boil some potatoes eh?
Oh, if you're insisting on me sleeping
over, ma'am… Okay!
FARMING JOURNAL
HIT HOMESHOPPING
PROPOSAL FOR PARTNERSHIP
You're awake?
Oh, yes. Are you going somewhere?
I'm going to the mushroom farm. They said
they need more hands.
-Wait, where?
-The mushroom farm.
Good morning.
The weather's nice.
-Sure is.
-Yeah.
Oh, my.
Hello.
-Thank you!
-Hello.
-Good morning.
-I did.
Ms. Dam Ye-jin?
How did you know?
Oh my! I guess my looks aren't
something I can just hide with a pair of
trousers.
Am I right?
This is your last warning. Leave. Now,
please.
-Ah.
-Sweetie, come over here.
Yes, ma'am! Oh, she's calling me, so…
I mean. Oh.
Your sweetie is on her way!
The pride and joy of Deokpung! Deokpung's
own treasure! The white flower noori
mushroom! Once more, treat each
person and flower, with the utmost
love and respect here! Let's go!
-Let's go. Let's do this!
-Let's do this!
We'll get off work right on the dot
today!
Of course, we will! Good thing, too!
-Right on the dot!
-Our work is not finished yet. Deokpung's…
Why? Let's go.
-Let's go!
-Please finish up for me.
Thank you for today! Thank you. Let's go.
Good work.
Thanks.
Given all I've done, give me just a
moment of your day. Did you look at
the documents I left for you?
No.
Ten minutes. Uh, ok, ok. Five. Just five
minutes. I'll brief you.
No, thank you.
Please, could you… reconsider
renewing the contract? L'Etoile
says they only want to take as much
as Gojeuneok can produce. So there's
no problems anymore.
The trust's already been broken. We can't
partner with a company that's gone
back on their word before.
Are you an alien?
Business is conducted by people.
You can't expect perfection from
-everyone…
-Dam Ye-jin.
You spill some water. Can you put it back
in the cup?
I'm saying we should… clean it
quickly with a towel. And then hang that
towel to dry. We could even reuse it
if we wring it out first.
But neglecting to properly dry it…
brings mold, brings contamination.
Do you get that?
I understand where you're coming from.
But Mr. Lee, if you could just
reconsider… Mr. Lee, I'm trying
my best to convince you, please.
If we could just talk a little more,
you might change your mind. Oh no,
my hand! You almost got it caught.
If you take even one step inside,
I'm gonna call the police.
Ms. Dam Ye-jin!
Come on. We enjoyed a little sauna
together. And now you're being mean.
Go away, please!
Alright, I'll go very soon…
What are you doing?
I'll leave, but only if you talk to
me a little. Oh, you're putting weight
-on it?
-Hey!
-You're the one that's pushing right now.
-I mean, hold on a second, Mr. Lee.
Ms. Dam Ye-jin!
Mr. Lee, Mr. Lee. Mr. Lee!
CHINESE CHARACTER
FOR "PERSON"
IT IS A PICTOGRAM OF TWO PEOPLE LEANING
ONTO EACH OTHER
Get off me.
No, don't come inside. Get out!
Ugh, I will, okay?
Ugh, seriously.
Ms. Dam Ye-jin.
Ah, it hurts.
I mean, it's not that I don't understand
your decision. That's why I want it
even more. An essence derived from
raw materials. I would love to show my
customers.
Oh god, even my mouth is in pain
from talking so much alone.
Enough, just quit it.
Oh, my arm is in pain. What if I
can't use it again?
It hurts so much.
There, all done. Be careful to avoid
water, it can't get wet.
Could I take it off tonight for
just a bit and then put it back
on when I'm done?
Excuse me?
WOORI DEOKPUNG
MEDICAL CLINIC
Why did you fall over like some drama
queen? Is this a kind of staged
injury scam?
You really think I would stoop this low
just to make you feel guilty? But I
could try something else?
I have a live broadcast at eleven.
You can't go on the air when your injury
looks worse than your product. I worked
very hard to prepare my item.
It's this way.
I have a live broadcast at eleven.
You can't go on the air when your injury
looks worse than your product.
As you can see here, you can adjust the
intensity, so everyone from beginners
to experts can exercise based on
their strength. Adjust it. Now grab
the handle, and pull. And that's it.
You can do both cardio and weight
training at the same time. Push
it with your lower body strength. Pull
the handle toward your body, between
your belly button and core. That
feels so good. Pull, forward and back.
-It must hurt…
-Wow, it really feels like I'm actually
rowing on water.
That's amazing, I can actually feel it
already toning my arm.
That's why I want it even more.
An essence derived from raw materials.
I would love to show my customers.
PROPOSAL FOR PARTNERSHIP
HOME SHOPPING
DAM YE-JIN
Jin-yi. Why are you here?
You're a truly crappy landlord.
Not demanding rent from your tenant
that's behind on payment?
You don't have to pay.
I've told you about a hundred different
times,
don't treat me like a charity case.
And Som-yi?
Showing off the gift donated by
an anonymous person.
Why was that woman here Hae-Seok?
It's nothing.
It's nothing?
Hey!
What do you want?
The essence that Ms.Song's been preparing
for three years to release…
It's about to drop.
If customers buy the L'Etoile product,
are they really going to purchase
-another essence?
-A good product always sells.
Just focus on improving product quality.
Do you have to sabotage Ms. Song to make
yourself feel better?
Ah, poor Ms. Song. How sad. Ugh. You're
seriously so heartless.
Hyung, let's settle things with L'Etoile
once and for all.
Send me the full list of other buyers
right now.
DAUGHTER,
YOU MUST BE BUSY
Oh, there you are. Did you have dinner?
I'm not very hungry.
Let me cook you something, you must
be starving.
Ow. Please, just…
What's wrong? Are you hurt?
It's nothing.
You have to eat.
Can you please stop bothering me
about some dinner? I'm too busy to be
having dinner. How many times do I
have to tell you? It just makes me
feel guilty when you keep making me food
that I don't eat.
I'm just worried, it's fine if
you throw it out. I want to make sure
you've got food in the fridge. In
case you are ever hungry.
I mean…
You need to stop coming over unannounced.
I'm not a kid? How many times must
I say this? I'm a grown woman.
Why do you always… just do whatever you
want?
Ye-jin. Don't do it, Ye-jin. Don't do it.
But it's true. Mom just abandoned me
and left.
Ye-jin.
I don't need this anymore. I'm gonna
reveal that Song Myeong-hwa's my mom and
everything that comes from her mouth is
a lie.
I'm the one who told her not to
contact you!
What?
The truth is… your mom had called me.
She said she acted that way because she
was too scared, and she wanted
to apologize to you. But… I'm…
I just couldn't bear to see you…
in so much pain again, my love.
So I told her to never contact you again.
I am the one who told her that.
Why… Why did you do that? What about me?
Why would you believe it's okay
to do that by yourself? Why?
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Yes, hello.
Mom.
Listen, I told you before, miss.
It's me, Ye-jin.
What?
Who did you say you were?
Did you see the broadcast? Actually, I
was injured today.
It hurt so much, every time I move…
I just wanted to give up…
but it was a live show…
So I powered through it.
I did well, right, Mom? I'm pretty
professional, right?
Ms. Dam Ye-jin, are you drunk perhaps?
But…
I guess today…
I was pretty exhausted.
I took it out on Dad for no reason.
You might want to hang up and quit
talking.
I'm such a mess.
-Right?
-Hanging up now.
Hello? Ms-- Ms. Dam Ye-jin!
The number you have dialed is not
available…
Mom.
I miss you so much. Mom.
I'm bleeding.
SOLD OUT ON YOU
THANK YOU MR. AHN SANG-WOO
FOR HIS SPECIAL APPEARANCE
Aren't you curious if she slept well, or
missed a meal?
Things are going well with Gojeuneok,
right?
It's been a while, Mr. Lee.
Nothing's gonna change no matter
what you do, Ms. Dam Ye-jin.
They said they weren't going to buy
the corn?
So, all this corn has turned into a real
headache.
This isn't your business, Ms. Dam Ye-jin.
-I have an idea.
-What?
Ye-jin, your home shopping host.
Ms. Dam Ye-jin,
stay right there.